# Movie Recommendation System Readme

This Movie Recommendation System is built using machine learning techniques and the Streamlit framework. It utilizes the TMDB (The Movie Database) dataset to provide movie recommendations based on various parameters such as movie name, mood, and genre.

**Requirements:**
- streamlit
- pandas
- requests
- numpy
- click==8.1.3

**Installation:**
1. Clone this repository to your local machine.
2. Install the required dependencies by running:
   ```
   pip install -r requirements.txt
   ```

**Usage:**
1. Ensure that all dependencies are installed.
2. Run the Streamlit app by executing the following command:
   ```
   streamlit run movie_recommendation_system.py
   ```
3. Once the Streamlit app is running, you can access it through your web browser.
4. Enter the movie name or select your mood or choose a genre to receive personalized movie recommendations.

**Features:**
1. **Search by Movie Name:** Users can input the name of a movie they enjoy, and the system will recommend similar movies.
2. **Recommendation by Mood:** Users can select their current mood from a predefined list, and the system will suggest movies that match their mood.
3. **Filter by Genre:** Users can specify a preferred genre for movie recommendations.

**Dataset:**
This system utilizes the TMDB (The Movie Database) dataset, which is a comprehensive dataset containing information about various movies, including titles, genres, ratings, and more.

**Note:**
- This system provides movie recommendations based on user input and does not guarantee the availability or accessibility of the recommended movies on any specific platform.
- The recommendations generated by this system are based on machine learning algorithms and may not always perfectly align with user preferences.

**Contributing:**
Contributions to this project are welcome. If you encounter any issues or have suggestions for improvements, please feel free to open an issue or submit a pull request on GitHub.


**Author:**
Abhay Nimje

**Acknowledgments:**
Special thanks to TMDB for providing the dataset used in this project, and to the creators of Streamlit for the user-friendly web application framework.
